In most situations in this game
tree our computer player O wins.
But in a few situations,the game ends
with our opponent X winning at level
five.
If our computer player
makes a poor choice for
its first move,
X can win no matter what O does.
Clearly we never want our computer
player to make this bad first move.
To avoid that situation we can keep
a table of best first moves for
this board configuration.
This table to called an opening book,
similar tables can be kept for
end games.
But how do we make discovering
these bad moves automatic?
Better yet how do we discover
the best moves for a computer player?
The answer is the mini max algorithm,
a version of which we will see next.